Add `INPUT_FIELD_DEFINITION` to allowed locations for the `@builder` directive (#1074)
nuwave/lighthouse: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/compare/v4.7.0...master)

### Changed

> - Add `INPUT_FIELD_DEFINITION` to `builder` directive location https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/pull/1074

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `INPUT_FIELD_DEFINITION` to allowed locations for the `@builder` directive https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/pull/1074
```
